What we've already done
------------------------

Inception of the project started around a week before it was created on Github, so it's worth listing shortly the work that has already happened.
* Patrick has refactored and extended a python library I made called autoVJ. AutoVJ runs on the pi3D engine of which Patrick is a main developer and maintainer, so we've come full circle on this. The whole stack (also) runs on the Raspberry PI, which is great for installations since it's such a nimble computing unit.
* Given this common focus on 3d animations, Patrick and I brainstormed around the idea of an installation where people would be controlling a pretty and pop animation via some simple interfaces on tablets.
* We also discussed a few installation aspects. Would the installation be made of monitors "pointing" at the same a virtual view of the same geometries? Would it be made of projectors or monitors? Would is be displayed on a wall? In this case we've let a few constraints to make some decisions for us - we really wanted to have an installation completely done, even if in its basic form, before even having any venue potential or before starting any sort of promotion effort. Although we have some ideas on possible venues that would probably be interested in this installation, the only venue that we know we can count on is our living room. To simplify complex situations involving hanging of multiple monitors, we are going to perform one projection on a simple coffee table.
* We brainstormed on how the tablets could send the controlled parameters to Raspberry PI. Patrick prototyped communication using Flask (i.e. the control happens via web pages served to the tablet browsers from a server on the RPI) and found the way for the 3d engine and the server to coexist and communicate in an elegant way using the python multiprocessing library.